Make a new folder and open it in Visual Studio Code or your favourite IDE
Fork your own copy of rhildred/browserBlog to your account
Copy the HTTPS url under the Code button
Open a new terminal and run "git clone  ."
Run "npx http-server" (you will need to install node.js for this to work)
Surf to http://localhost:8080
Add, edit, and delete the files until you are happy with the results. Here I'm using old files to save time.
In a new terminal, type in "git add -A"
Type in "git commit -m "your comment""
type in "git push origin master --force"
Click on the Settings tab on your repository
Scroll down to GitHub Pages, select the master branch under Source, then hit Save
Your portfolio is now published!